docs: show async allowed for storage in sessions.mdx (#19855)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/pages/guides/auth/sessions.mdx

})
```

> The `customStorageObject` should implement the `getItem`, `setItem`, and `removeItem` calls from [`localStorage` interface](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/localStorage) (although async is allowed).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `customStorageObject` should implement the `getItem`, `setItem`, and `removeItem` methods from the [`Storage` interface](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Storage). Async versions of these methods are also supported.
```
